feat: add upgrade with another default storage class known issue (#710)
harvester/docs: docs/upgrade/v1-4-0-to-v1-4-1.md

---

<head>
  <link rel="canonical" href="https://docs.harvesterhci.io/v1.4/upgrade/v1-4-0-to-v1-4-1"/>
</head>

## General information

An **Upgrade** button appears on the **Dashboard** screen whenever a new Harvester version that you can upgrade to becomes available. For more information, see [Start an upgrade](./automatic.md#start-an-upgrade).

For air-gapped environments, see [Prepare an air-gapped upgrade](./automatic.md#prepare-an-air-gapped-upgrade).

## Known issues

---

### 1. Upgrade with default storage class which is not harvester-longhorn

Harvester adds annotation `storageclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class: "true"` to the `harvester-longhorn` storage class. If user changes the default storage class to another storage class, the harvester ManagedChart shows an error message `cannot patch "harvester-longhorn" with kind StorageClass: admission webhook "validator.harvesterhci.io" denied the request: default storage class %!s(MISSING) already exists, please reset it first`. Also, the webhook deny the upgrade request like following:

![Upgrade with another default storage class](/img/v1.4/upgrade/upgrade-with-another-default-storage-class.png)

> A workaround is to add `timeoutSeconds: 600` to the harvester ManagedChart spec like following:

Author: Updated it. Timeout can work is because we also saw "post-upgrade hooks failed: context deadline exceeded".

ref: https://github.com/harvester/harvester-installer/pull/929#issuecomment-2599570219

Related issues:
  - [[BUG] v1.4.0 -> v1.4.1-rc1 upgrade stuck in Pre-drained and the node stay in Cordoned](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/7366)
  - [[IMPROVEMENT] Cleanup orphaned volume runtime resources if the resources already deleted](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/6764)

> ### 2. Upgrade with default storage class which is not harvester-longhorn
> 
> Harvester adds annotation `storageclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class: "true"` to the `harvester-longhorn` storage class. If user changes the default storage class to another storage class, the harvester ManagedChart shows an error message `cannot patch "harvester-longhorn" with kind StorageClass: admission webhook "validator.harvesterhci.io" denied the request: default storage class %!s(MISSING) already exists, please reset it first`. Also, the webhook deny the upgrade request like following:
> 
> ![Upgrade with another default storage class](/img/v1.4/upgrade/upgrade-with-another-default-storage-class.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. Upgrade with default StorageClass that is not harvester-longhorn

Harvester adds the annotation `storageclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class: "true"` to `harvester-longhorn`, which is the original default StorageClass. When you replace `harvester-longhorn` with another StorageClass, the following occur:

- The Harvester ManagedChart shows the error message `cannot patch "harvester-longhorn" with kind StorageClass: admission webhook "validator.harvesterhci.io" denied the request: default storage class %!s(MISSING) already exists, please reset it first`.

- The webhook denies the upgrade request.

    ![Upgrade with another default storage class](/img/v1.4/upgrade/upgrade-with-another-default-storage-class.png)
```
